# Legal Disclosure

**TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USAGE**
===============================

**BINDING EFFECT**
------------------

This is a binding agreement between you and ’. Udyog Solution .’ (”us”, ”we”, ”Company”). By using the Internet site located at ’. http://sayan.local .’ (the ”Site”), you agree to abide by these Terms of Use. If at any time you find these Terms of Use unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of it.

**PRIVACY POLICY**
------------------

We respect your privacy and permit you to control the treatment of your personal information. A complete statement of our current privacy policy can be found. Our privacy policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.

**GOVERNING LAW**
-----------------

These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of West Bengal and India, without reference to rules regarding conflicts of law. This Site is intended for use by individuals based in the India.

**MINIMUM AGE**
---------------

You must be at least 18 years old to access and participate on this site. You guarantee and warrant you are at least 18 years old and are able to enter into this Agreement from a legal perspective.

**EBOOK SIGNUPS AND MAILINGS**
------------------------------

You have the option, but not obligation, to sign up and receive a free eBook from us. Should you do so, you are agreeing to receive further emailings from us of a commercial nature.

**EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS**
------------------------

When you contact us, you expressly consent and agree to receive email responses from us. These email communications may be commercial or non-commercial in nature. Non-commercial emails may include, but are not limited to, administrative issues and announcements of changes to these Terms, the Privacy Policy or other site documentation.

**USE OF SOFTWARE**
-------------------

Company may make certain software available to you from the Site. If you download software from the Site, the software, including all files and images contained in or generated by the software, and accompanying data (collectively, ”Software”) are deemed to be licensed to you by Company, for your personal, noncommercial, home use only. Company does not transfer either the title or the intellectual property rights to the Software, and Company retains full and complete title to the Software as well as all intellectual property rights therein. You may not sell, redistribute, or reproduce the Software, nor may you decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Software to a human-perceivable form. All trademarks and logos are owned by Company or its licensors and you may not copy or use them in any manner.

**USER CONTENT**
----------------

By posting, downloading, displaying, performing, transmitting, or otherwise distributing information or other content (”User Content”) to the site, you are granting Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a permanent, non-exclusive license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the Internet businesses of Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree that Company may publish or otherwise disclose your name in connection with your User Content. By posting User Content on the site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute User Content.

**COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS**
----------------------------------------------

When accessing the site, you agree to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content (collectively, ”Content”) in violation of any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringements of third party rights caused by any Content you provide or transmit, or that is provided or transmitted using your User ID. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or third party rights rests solely with you. All Digital Millennium Copyright Act matters are processed pursuant to our DMCA Policy, which you may access via the DMCA link at the bottom of the page.

**INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT**
-------------------------

You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services; or (d) provides medical advice to other users. Company reserves the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the site, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Company intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms or of any applicable laws.

**COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS**
----------------------------------------------

When accessing the Site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content (collectively, ”Content”) in violation of any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringements of third party rights caused by any Content you provide or transmit, or that is provided or transmitted using your account. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or third party rights rests solely with you.

**NO WARRANTIES**
-----------------

WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES. WE ARE MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE ”AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE SERVICE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

**LIMITED LIABILITY**
---------------------

OUR LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY US. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.

**AFFILIATED SITES**
--------------------

We have no control over and no liability for any third party websites or materials. We work with a number of partners whose Internet sites may be linked with the Site. Because we have no control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, we make no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and we assume no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that we make no guarantees about, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.

**PROHIBITED USES**
-------------------

We impose certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, ”flooding,” ”spamming,” ”mail bombing,” ”crashing” or instituting a ”DDOS” attack on the Site; (d) using the Site to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Site; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by us in providing the Site. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.

**INDEMNITY**
-------------

You agree to indemnify us for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.

**COPYRIGHT**
-------------

All contents of Site or Service are: Copyright © ’ . 2020 .’ ’. Sayan Basak .’.

**SEVERABILITY; WAIVER**
------------------------

If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

**NO LICENSE**
--------------

Nothing contained on the Site should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by us or by any third party.

**INDIAN TERRITORY USE ONLY**
-----------------------------

The Site is controlled and operated by Company from its offices in the State of West Bengal, India. The domain of the website is registered in the India Country and the Site is hosted in the India. The intended audience for this site consists of individuals in India only. Company makes no representation that any of the materials or the services to which you have been given access are available or appropriate for use in other locations. Your use of or access to the Site should not be construed as Company’s purposefully availing itself of the benefits or privilege of doing business in any state or jurisdiction other than West Bengal and India.

**AMENDMENTS**
--------------

Company reserves the right to amend these Terms. Should Company seek to make such an amendment, which we determine is material in our sole discretion, we shall:

(a) Provide you notice by email of said change 15 days prior to the change going into force, and  
(b) Publish on the home page the fact an amendment will be made.

Should a court of competent jurisdiction rule this Amendment provision invalid, then this Amendment clause shall be terminated as part of this agreement. All amendments to the Terms shall be forward looking.

**Privacy Policy**
==================

Welcome to http://sayan.local (the ”Site”). We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (”Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Udyog Solution (collectively, ”Services”) (”Authorized Customers”).

”Personally Identifiable Information”
-------------------------------------

refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.

What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
------------------------------------------------------

We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.

What organizations are collecting the information?
--------------------------------------------------

In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.

How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
----------------------------------------------------------

We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.

With whom may the information may be shared?
--------------------------------------------

Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to ”opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.

How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
--------------------------------------------------

Personally Identifiable Information collected by Udyog Solution is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Udyog Solution except for use as indicated above.

What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at 20/1, Golok Dutta Lane, Hatkhola, Kolkata – 700005, West Bengal, India

Are Cookies Used on the Site?
-----------------------------

Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off. For more information about how we cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy.

How does Udyog Solution use login information?
----------------------------------------------

Udyog Solution uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.

What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Udyog Solution has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors.Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.

How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
------------------------------------------------------------------

All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.

How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at sayan@bokaku.com

Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting . However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.

What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
-------------------------------------------

We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.

External Links:
---------------

http://sayan.local contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.

**Cookie Policy**
=================

http://sayanbasak.com is committed to protecting your privacy online.

What information do we save/collect?
------------------------------------

We collect information from you when you visit our site. When submitting or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mobile number, ip address, GDPR Consent status, and other identifieble data such as saved UX Componenets that require cookie storage in your browser. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

What do we use your information for?
------------------------------------

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To improve our website To improve customer service How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. Cookies Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.

Online Privacy Policy
---------------------

Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If you have any questions and suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy Statement, please contact us and we will get back to you very soon.

CONTACT INFORMATION
-------------------

Sayan Basak  
Mailing address: 20/1, Golok Dutta Lane, Hatkhola, Kolkata – 700005, West Bengal, India  
Phone: 7003316703  
20/1, Golok Dutta Lane, Hatkhola  
Kolkata, West Bengal, 700005  
India  
Contact Email: me@sayanbasak.com

[Find Us on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sayanbasak)  [Connect us on Google Maps](https://maps.google.com/maps?cid=1826586065487379176)  [Connect us on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sayanbasak/)  [Follow Us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/synbsk)

**Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy**
===========================================

Welcome to http://sayan.local (the ”Site”).We respect the intellectual property rights of others just as we expect others to respect our rights. Pursuant to Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c), a copyright owner or their agent may submit a takedown notice to us via our DMCA Agent listed below. As an internet service provider, we are entitled to claim immunity from said infringement claims pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the DMCA. To submit a good faith infringement claim to us, you must submit notice to us that sets forth the following information:

**Notice of Infringement – Claim**
----------------------------------

1.  A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner (or someone authorized to act on behalf of the owner);  
    2\. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;  
    3\. Identification of the infringing material to be removed, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. \[Please submit the URL of the page in question to assist us in identifying the allegedly offending work\];  
    4\. Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party including your name, physical address, email address, phone number and fax number;  
    5\. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that the use of the material is unauthorized by the copyright agent; and  
    6\. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Title 17 USC §512(f) provides civil damage penalties, including costs and attorney fees, against any person who knowingly and materially misrepresents certain information in a notification of infringement under 17 USC §512(c)(3).

Send all takedown notices through our Contact page. Please send by email for prompt attention.

Please note that we may share the identity and information in any copyright infringement claim we receive with the alleged infringer. In submitting a claim, you understand accept and agree that your identity and claim may be communicated to the alleged infringer.

**Counter Notification – Restoration of Material**
--------------------------------------------------

If you have received a notice of material being takedown because of a copyright infringement claim, you may provide us with a counter notification in an effort to have the material in question restored to the site. Said notification must be given in writing to our DMCA Agent and must contain substantially the following elements pursuant to 17 USC Section 512(g)(3):

1.  Your physical or electronic signature.  
    2\. A description of the material that has been taken down and the original location of the material before it was taken down.  
    3\. A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.  
    4\. Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located (or if you are outside of the United States, that you consent to jurisdiction of any judicial district in which the service provider may be found), and that the you will accept service of process from the person or company who provided the original infringement notification.  
    5\. Send your counter notice through our Contact page. Email is highly recommended.

**Repeat Infringer Policy**
---------------------------

We take copyright infringement very seriously. Pursuant to the repeat infringer policy requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we maintain a list of DMCA notices from copyright holders and make a good faith effort to identify any repeat infringers. Those that violate our internal repeat infringer policy will have their accounts terminated.

### **Modifications**

We reserve the right to modify the contents of this page and its policy for handling DMCA claims at any time for any reason. You are encouraged to check back to review this policy frequently for any changes.